hello it's Ruby and today I am going out
shopping with my mom so I decided to
make this a shopping expedition with
Hermione Granger video first of all what
is in Hermione's bag well of course she
always brings a book with her she also
brings a notepad and some sort of
revision so this might be a script just
so she has something to do on the
journey and of course she also brings a
pen or a feather quill she may also
bring a small toiletry bag with some
hand sanitizer and a lip balm this is a
pumpkin pie chapstick she may also want
to bring a toothbrush and of course you
also bring a phone and her purse let's
go our first stop was a charity shop I
always I take cash job before I go
shopping I guess everything's really
affordable so I resisted near the books
and I also looked at the plate I might
want a really nice cardigan which I
decided to buy then it's equal to half
an hour journey to our destination I
decided cute this time to go over some
lines my brother loves when we arrived
we decided to get a drink so I got a
vanilla fractionate Emma Lake clothes
dropping for a while so I was trying on
some nice warm jumpers and also dresses
for summer because summer is coming up
next we went to this really lovely
boutique and they were selling
candlesticks in lots of different
patterns so I decided to choose them
I also found some beautiful cushions
which remind me of the ones in the
Gryffindor common room we also found a
craft shop so we had a look around and I
found this really lovely candle holder
then whenever I go shopping I always
make sure to look at the dental hygiene
good so we went to boot and I just hand
look around then of course we went and
looked at stationery and last but not
least the pinnacle of the expedition was
going to the book shop definitely my
favorite part of the day
[Music]
so the first thing a box is a really
lovely floral draft for summer I also
got a playsuit which is quite long at
the legs meaning that it's more modest
then I got a cardigan from a charity
shop which is actually from fat-faced
and I go another cardigan which is a
lovely red color then I got a book which
was The Secret Life of Bees I got this
faux feather quill pen which is
basically just a gel pen I got some
candlesticks with green polka dots on
them and I got two of these next I got a
handkerchief for the globe on it I got
these mini floss sticks which also
double as toothpicks and I got some
breath spray which actually protects
your teeth during the day